---
alongWithPrimeItems:
- Spira Prime
- Nikana Prime
author: warframe
categories:
- Primes
date: 2019-09-03T21:00:00Z
draft: false
image: /images/primes/warframe-how-to-get-saryn-prime.jpg
itemName: Saryn Prime
layout: post
permalink: /primes/how-to-get-saryn-prime/
seoTitle: How To Get Saryn Prime. Saryn Prime Relics Farm.
status: NEW
title: How To Get Saryn Prime
---
<p>Hey guys. And the <strong>Saryn Prime</strong> along with <a href="/primes/how-to-get-spira-prime/" title="How To Get Spira Prime">Spira Prime</a> and <a href="/primes/how-to-get-nikana-prime/" title="How To Get Nikana Prime">Nikana Prime</a> have arrived in Warframe. Today I'll be showing you which relics you'll need to farm to get Saryn Prime and where you can farm these relics.</p><!--more--> <h2>Saryn Prime Relics</h2> <p>So, Saryn Prime parts scattered across six different relics:</p> <ul>  <li> <b>Lith V6</b> that drops Saryn Prime Blueprint </li>  <li> <b>Neo S13</b> that drops Saryn Prime Chassis Blueprint </li>  <li> <b>Axi V9, Lith C5</b> that drop Saryn Prime Neuroptics Blueprint </li>  <li> <b>Axi S5, Neo S13</b> that drop Saryn Prime Systems Blueprint </li>  </ul> <h2>Saryn Prime Relics Farming</h2> <p>Before we proceed any further, I would like to say that all spots that I'll share with you are based on my personal experience <strong>farming Saryn Prime relics</strong>. The spots gave me the necessary relics at the shortest time, but you may have a different result as relic drops are also based on a chance. Now, let's get on to the <strong>how to farm Saryn Prime relics</strong> fast and easy.</p>  <h3>How To Get Saryn Prime Blueprint Relics</h3>     <p>For <strong>farming Lith V6 Relics</strong> the <b>Hepit mission in the Void</b> is a great option. It's a quick capture mission which you can repeat pretty quickly.</p>      <h3>How To Get Saryn Prime Chassis Blueprint Relics</h3>     <p>For <b>Neo S13 Relics</b>, my recommendation is <b>Belenus in the Void</b>. Belenus is a straightforward defense mission best attempted with a team and you should be able to get two Neo relics in ten waves most of the time(or one Meso and one Neo).</p>      <h3>How To Get Saryn Prime Neuroptics Blueprint Relics</h3>     <p>You can obtain <b>Axi V9</b> Relics from Marduk - a sabotage mission. This mission has a chance to drop Neo relics as well.</p>       <p>    Besides that, you   can get it by opening <b>Lith C5</b> Relics. To farm these relics, I suggest you go to the same mission which I've already mentioned in <em>How To Get Saryn Prime Blueprint Relics</em> section.</p>    <h3>How To Get Saryn Prime Systems Blueprint Relics</h3>    <p>   You    can get it by opening <b>Axi S5</b> Relics. To farm these relics, I suggest you go to the same mission which I've already mentioned in <em>How To Get Saryn Prime Neuroptics Blueprint Relics</em> section.</p>     <p>    Besides that, you   can get it by opening <b>Neo S13</b> Relics. To farm these relics, I suggest you go to the same mission which I've already mentioned in <em>How To Get Saryn Prime Chassis Blueprint Relics</em> section.</p>     <h2>Farming Saryn Prime Relics in Bounties</h2> <p>Bounties are a fantastic way to get relics as well. You can take up the bounties from Cetus or <a href="/fortuna/" title="Warframe Fortuna">Fortuna</a>. Both will yield almost similar results.    With <b>tier four bounties</b> granting <b>Neo S13 relics</b> ,          <b>tier two bounties</b> granting <b>Lith V6,Lith C5 relics</b>,        <b>tier five bounties</b> granting <b>Axi S5,Axi V9 relics</b>,       and <b>tier one bounties</b> dropping <b>Lith V6 relics</b>.      <p>Finally, relic packs always a decent way to get your hands on those new Saryn Prime relics.</p> <p>And that’s pretty much all I want to say about <strong>Saryn Prime Relics Farming</strong>. I hope this guide helped and good luck with farming. Bye-bye.</p>