---
alongWithPrimeItems:
- Ankyros Prime
- Boltor Prime
author: warframe
categories:
- Primes
date: 2019-08-01T13:35:04.835Z
image: /images/primes/warframe-how-to-get-rhino-prime.jpg
itemName: Rhino Prime
layout: post
permalink: /primes/how-to-get-rhino-prime/
seoTitle: How To Get Rhino Prime. How To Farm Rhino Prime Relics? Rhino Prime Unvaulted!
status: UNVAULTED
title: How To Get Rhino Prime
---
<p>Hey guys. And the <strong>Rhino Prime</strong> along with <a href="/primes/how-to-get-ankyros-prime/" title="How To Get Ankyros Prime">Ankyros Prime</a> and <a href="/primes/how-to-get-boltor-prime/" title="How To Get Boltor Prime">Boltor Prime</a> have emerged from the Prime Vault. Today I'll be showing you which relics you'll need to farm to get Rhino Prime and where you can farm these relics.</p><!--more--> <h2>Rhino Prime Relics</h2> <p>So, Rhino Prime parts scattered across four different relics:</p> <ul>  <li> <b>Neo R1</b> that drops Rhino Prime Blueprint </li>  <li> <b>Axi S3</b> that drops Rhino Prime Systems Blueprint </li>  <li> <b>Lith B4</b> that drops Rhino Prime Neuroptics Blueprint </li>  <li> <b>Meso N6</b> that drops Rhino Prime Chassis Blueprint </li>  </ul> <h2>Rhino Prime Relics Farming</h2> <p>Before we proceed any further, I would like to say that all spots that I'll share with you are based on my personal experience <strong>farming Rhino Prime relics</strong>. The spots gave me the necessary relics at the shortest time, but you may have a different result as relic drops are also based on a chance. Now, let's get on to the <strong>how to farm Rhino Prime relics</strong> fast and easy.</p>  <h3>How To Get Rhino Prime Blueprint Relics</h3>     <p>For <b>Neo R1 Relics</b>, my recommendation is <b>Belenus in the Void</b>. Belenus is a straightforward defense mission best attempted with a team and you should be able to get two Neo relics in ten waves most of the time(or one Meso and one Neo).</p>     <h3>How To Get Rhino Prime Chassis Blueprint Relics</h3>     <p>In order to farm <b>Meso N6 Relics</b>, I would recommend <b>Ukko in the Void</b>. It's a capture mission and can be completed really quickly.</p>     <h3>How To Get Rhino Prime Systems Blueprint Relics</h3>     <p>You can obtain <b>Axi S3</b> Relics from Marduk - a sabotage mission. This mission has a chance to drop Neo relics as well.</p>     <h3>How To Get Rhino Prime Neuroptics Blueprint Relics</h3>     <p>For <strong>farming Lith B4 Relics</strong> the <b>Hepit mission in the Void</b> is a great option. It's a quick capture mission which you can repeat pretty quickly.</p>      <h2>Farming Rhino Prime Relics in Bounties</h2> <p>Bounties are a fantastic way to get relics as well. You can take up the bounties from Cetus or <a href="/fortuna/" title="Warframe Fortuna">Fortuna</a>. Both will yield almost similar results.    With <b>tier one bounties</b> granting <b>Lith B4 relics</b>  (only Fortuna's Bounty),          <b>tier two bounties</b> granting <b>Lith B4 relics</b>,        <b>tier three bounties</b> granting <b>Meso N6 relics</b>,        <b>tier four bounties</b> granting <b>Neo R1 relics</b>,       and <b>tier five bounties</b> dropping <b>Axi S3 relics</b>.      <p>Finally, relic packs always a decent way to get your hands on those new Rhino Prime relics.</p> <p>And that’s pretty much all I want to say about <strong>Rhino Prime Relics Farming</strong>. I hope this guide helped and good luck with farming. Bye-bye.</p>