---
alongWithPrimeItems:
- Tipedo Prime
- Equinox Prime
author: warframe
categories:
- Primes
date: 2019-07-29T11:42:03.740Z
image: /images/primes/warframe-how-to-get-stradavar-prime.jpg
itemName: Stradavar Prime
layout: post
permalink: /primes/how-to-get-stradavar-prime/
seoTitle: How To Get Stradavar Prime. How To Farm Stradavar Prime Relics
status: NEW
title: How To Get Stradavar Prime
---
<p>Hey guys. And the <strong>Stradavar Prime</strong> along with <a href="/primes/how-to-get-tipedo-prime/" title="How To Get Tipedo Prime">Tipedo Prime</a> and <a href="/primes/how-to-get-equinox-prime/" title="How To Get Equinox Prime">Equinox Prime</a> have arrived in Warframe. Today I'll be showing you which relics you'll need to farm to get Stradavar Prime and where you can farm these relics.</p><!--more--> <h2>Stradavar Prime Relics</h2> <p>So, Stradavar Prime parts scattered across four different relics:</p> <ul>  <li> <b>Meso Z3</b> that drops Stradavar Prime Receiver </li>  <li> <b>Neo S12</b> that drops Stradavar Prime Blueprint </li>  <li> <b>Axi T2</b> that drops Stradavar Prime Stock </li>  <li> <b>Lith M4</b> that drops Stradavar Prime Barrel </li>  </ul> <h2>Stradavar Prime Relics Farming</h2> <p>Before we proceed any further, I would like to say that all spots that I'll share with you are based on my personal experience <strong>farming Stradavar Prime relics</strong>. The spots gave me the necessary relics at the shortest time, but you may have a different result as relic drops are also based on a chance. Now, let's get on to the <strong>how to farm Stradavar Prime relics</strong> fast and easy.</p>  <h3>How To Get Stradavar Prime Receiver Relics</h3>    <p>In order to farm <b>Meso Z3 Relics</b> , I would recommend <b>Io on Jupiter</b>. This mission can be completed really quickly and with some luck, you should be able to get two Meso relics in 10 waves.</p>      <h3>How To Get Stradavar Prime Barrel Relics</h3>    <p>For <strong>farming Lith M4 Relics</strong> the <b>Orokin Derelict Defense</b> mission is a great option. ODD is a straightforward defense mission that you can even solo with Banshee and you should be able to get two Lith relics in 10 waves most of the time.</p>      <h3>How To Get Stradavar Prime Blueprint Relics</h3>    <p>For <b>Neo S12 Relics</b>, my recommendation is <b>Hydron on Sedna</b>. It is the fastest way to farm for Neo relics because Neo relics drop every 5 rounds. Also, it worth mentioned that Hydron is the best area to level up your Warframe and weapons. So, don't forget to bring alongside your weapons that you want to level up.</p>      <h3>How To Get Stradavar Prime Stock Relics</h3>    <p>For <b>Axi T2 Relics Farming</b> I would recommend <b>Xini on Eris</b>. It's an interception mission that's pretty straightforward. The first two rounds drop Neo relics and rounds 3 and 4 regularly dropping Axi relics. Optimally you want to stay four rounds before extracting.</p> <p>Xini also has a high Neurodes drop, so be sure to keep an eye for <a href="/warframe-neurodes-farming/" title="Warframe Neurodes Farming">Neurodes</a></p>      <p>Finally, relic packs always a decent way to get your hands on those new Stradavar Prime relics.</p> <p>And that’s pretty much all I want to say about <strong>Stradavar Prime Relics Farming</strong>. I hope this guide helped and good luck with farming. Bye-bye.</p>