---
alongWithPrimeItems:
- Mesa Prime
- Redeemer Prime
author: warframe
categories:
- Primes
date: 2019-09-24T21:00:00Z
draft: false
groupId: mesa-prime-access
image: /images/primes/warframe-how-to-get-akjagara-prime.jpg
itemName: Akjagara Prime
layout: post
permalink: /primes/how-to-get-akjagara-prime/
seoTitle: How To Get Akjagara Prime. Akjagara Prime Relics Farm.
status: NEW
title: How To Get Akjagara Prime
---
<p>Hey guys. And the <strong>Akjagara Prime</strong> along with <a href="/primes/how-to-get-mesa-prime/" title="How To Get Mesa Prime">Mesa Prime</a> and <a href="/primes/how-to-get-redeemer-prime/" title="How To Get Redeemer Prime">Redeemer Prime</a> have arrived in Warframe. Today I'll be showing you which relics you'll need to farm to get Akjagara Prime and where you can farm these relics.</p><!--more--> <h2>Akjagara Prime Relics</h2> <p>So, Akjagara Prime parts scattered across five different relics:</p> <ul>  <li> <b>Neo Z3</b> that drops Akjagara Prime Receiver </li>  <li> <b>Meso Z3</b> that drops Akjagara Prime Link </li>  <li> <b>Axi P1, Lith M4</b> that drop Akjagara Prime Blueprint </li>  <li> <b>Lith A3</b> that drops Akjagara Prime Barrel </li>  </ul> <h2>Akjagara Prime Relics Farming</h2> <p>Before we proceed any further, I would like to say that all spots that I'll share with you are based on my personal experience <strong>farming Akjagara Prime relics</strong>. The spots gave me the necessary relics at the shortest time, but you may have a different result as relic drops are also based on a chance. Now, let's get on to the <strong>how to farm Akjagara Prime relics</strong> fast and easy.</p>  <h3>How To Get Akjagara Prime Receiver Relics</h3>    <p>For <b>Neo Z3 Relics</b>, my recommendation is <b>Hydron on Sedna</b>. It is the fastest way to farm for Neo relics because Neo relics drop every 5 rounds. Also, it worth mentioned that Hydron is the best area to level up your Warframe and weapons. So, don't forget to bring alongside your weapons that you want to level up.</p>       <h3>How To Get Akjagara Prime Link Relics</h3>    <p>In order to farm <b>Meso Z3 Relics</b> , I would recommend <b>Io on Jupiter</b>. This mission can be completed really quickly and with some luck, you should be able to get two Meso relics in 10 waves.</p>       <h3>How To Get Akjagara Prime Blueprint Relics</h3>    <p>For <strong>farming Lith M4 Relics</strong> the <b>Orokin Derelict Defense</b> mission is a great option. ODD is a straightforward defense mission that you can even solo with Banshee and you should be able to get two Lith relics in 10 waves most of the time.</p>        <p>For <b>Axi P1 Relics Farming</b> I would recommend <b>Xini on Eris</b>. It's an interception mission that's pretty straightforward. The first two rounds drop Neo relics and rounds 3 and 4 regularly dropping Axi relics. Optimally you want to stay four rounds before extracting.</p> <p>Xini also has a high Neurodes drop, so be sure to keep an eye for <a href="/warframe-neurodes-farming/" title="Warframe Neurodes Farming">Neurodes</a></p>       <h3>How To Get Akjagara Prime Barrel Relics</h3>    <p>   You    can get it by opening <b>Lith A3</b> Relics. To farm these relics, I suggest you go to the same mission which I've already mentioned in <em>How To Get Akjagara Prime Blueprint Relics</em> section.</p>     <p>Finally, relic packs always a decent way to get your hands on those new Akjagara Prime relics.</p> <p>And that’s pretty much all I want to say about <strong>Akjagara Prime Relics Farming</strong>. I hope this guide helped and good luck with farming. Bye-bye.</p>